OK so let's start creating the juicer which is the lead deleted everything inside the car.
We are so we can add it add logic right here.
Now whenever the application state whenever the application loads we can have this reducer and the state
is going to be null.
The thing is that if we said it's a no we're going to have a problem.
What we can do we can use the state.
And instead of just getting to know all we can set it to an empty array.
So whenever the application starts and we call this reducers inside our application the state is going
to be empty.
And if we change that information we're not changing to know.
With we are just appending the information inside there which is changing the state.
That's why it doesn't matter begin to begin to do more about this.
We're going to talk about this on the next sections.
But don't worry.
OK for now you just change it to this.
OK.
So now to create the reducer we need to use a switch so we can search different reducers.
So I'm going to say switch up switch and on the switch begin to match the action that we're getting
and the type you know remember the action type is going to be the actual name.
In this case we want to search for search cars going to go right here to there.
We are going to open it close and we're going to say case and the case is going to be the actual keyboard
the type.
And if there is a match this one is going to return whatever we have on the action that payload
pay to load it.
So if there is a match it's going to update the state with whatever we have on that request.
That's fine.
That's very good.
So I'm going to go right here and if there's no match we always need to set a default state.
So I'm going to say default and this one is going to be return state.
You know the same state we have right here at the previous state.
Let's get.
So if I just reload the page again.
Well we get no errors.
And that it's good.
It means that if whenever we call it we are updating the state.
So if I called forward.
Let's get knowers.
If I call something else I don't know Chevy and I better get get no errors.
That means that everything should be working fine.
And this is updated updating the redux state.
Let's find Let's go to the next section if we can create the list of course that we should be getting
right here.
And this is kind of linked with this reducer.
OK.
That's why we're going to do all that logic right here with the stage and everything else on the next
sections.